---
toc: true
layout: post
description: MCQ Test 2
categories: [markdown]
title: MCQ Test 2
---

# Total score: 43/50

## Q10 (1)
I forgot to select two answers for this question. I only selected one of the correct answers (b) instead of both b and c.

## Q12 (2)
The answer choice I picked (C) is wrong because:
```
(onFloor1 OR callTo2) AND (onFloor2 OR callTo1)

onFloor1 = 1 means onFloor2 = 0 therefore never passes
```
The correct answer is (B) because:
```
(onFloor1 AND callTo2) or (onFloor2 AND callTo1)

if user wants to go up, onFloor1 = 1 AND callTo2 = 1
if user wants to go down, onFloor2 = 1 AND callTo1 = 1
```

## Q13 (3)
The answer choice I picked (B) is wrong because:
```
if (age >= 16) and (age <= 18) then age = 18 returns true where it should be false
```
The answer choice (D) is correct because:
```
if (age >= 16) AND (NOT(age >= 18)) then age = 18 returns false, age 16 returns true, age 17 returns true
if (age < 18) AND (NOT(age < 16)) then age = 18 returns false, age 16 returns true, age 17 returns true
```

## Q16 (4)
The answer choice I picked (B) is wrong because searching will only be looking through the list whereas the correct answer choice (C) is correct because selecting will be selecting different values to be added together.

## Q45 (4)
The answer choice I picked (A) is wrong because a heuristic approach means to approximate a solution. This is used in cases where the problem cannot be solved in a reasonable amount of time by an algorithm, therefore an approximation is required. This is why the correct answer choice (C) is correct.

## Q47 (4)
The answer choice I picked (D) is wrong in most cases, as sorting a list of numbers can be done with a precise answer and in a reasonable amount of time. The correct answer choice is (C) because a program that finds the shortest driving route between two locations cannot be found in a reasonable amount of time, as there are an infinite amount of routes. However, an approximate solution is acceptable here, as it will not have a large impact.

## Q49 (4)
The answer choice I picked (B) is wrong, because there are some problems that computers cannot solve, even given an algorithm and an infinite amount of time. This is why the answer choice (D) is correct, as some problems cannot be solved.